Implement Project datasource (#495)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-hcp: docs/data-sources/project.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcp_project Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   The project data source provides information about an existing HashiCorp project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The project data source provides information about an existing project in HCP.
```

---

# hcp_project (Data Source)

> The project data source provides information about an existing HashiCorp project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project data source provides information about an existing project in HCP.
```
